not to Alfea I think you're always fun
to talk on these all the time over yeah
this is Alfie - Matt I think it would
actually get quite boring after a while
over you think over yeah it's stunning -
you're boring already let's stop yes
this is Alfie - Matt it's starting to
get boring already let's stop it / okay
/ up immature honestly well Emma's the
last one up and she chose to speak with
a man denied who's ahead of makeup for
all six of the Harry Potter films we've
had so far
hello I'm Anne Watson and I'm here at
Leeds done with Amanda who is our chief
makeup artist and has been since Phil
one stay for the very beginning winter a
good dog walk away we're gonna do a very
quick transfer dart mark it's very
simple
put it on and we spray it with water
hopefully it comes out obviously Emma
doesn't normally have a dark mark
because she's not a dick things okay ah
oh there you go my arm art dark mark n2p
hang up then it's night-night coming it
up doesn't really cool to show me to get
to where those I wanted to find out for
ourselves so I managed to get the stuff
we need hey go with the tattoos my
corner office right okay I mean I think
I know I'm doing here do I just pop it
on no yeah peel off a hit off yeah it's
fine so now I just dab it yeah I thought
you know what you're doing I don't know
what I'm doing
honestly Debbie said bossy be careful
I'm being careful look at this this
wonderful zone I've got the touch good
look great
what is that not as good as I'd hoped
supposed to be easy yeah no boats it's
not Amanda was the biggest makeup
challenge this year I would say tattoo
man which has been thrown into us at the
last minute had to adapt the designs
lightly some of them we had to hand
drawn so that
the final result that's absolutely
incredible how long does it take it to
do it took for makeup artist it's
probably five hours I think one of my
funniest moments on this film was Dan
and Rupert who kind of played a trick on
me which was that in Knockturn alley
which is kind of like the dodgy area of
Diagon Alley and they just said am I
gonna go and take a look in in that
short window so I went and pulled back
the curtain and there was this man and
what I thought at a brief glance was
basically practically naked and just
covered in tattoos just sat there in
this chair and it's like tattoo parlor
and diagonally and my face cuz Dan and
rube obviously knew that how I was going
to react with Rose just sat there just
laughing laughing laughing hurry it's
quite embarrassing well I think we can
get tattoo man around for his money eh
you look ridiculous
so you don't look ridiculous they know
what you're on about this is quite
embarrassing but we were but well I mean
I was lying my first audition I probably
about ten eleven when we first started
filming and I remember getting her an
emergency yeah you'd lost her front yeah
it was one of like it was one of these
very very front teeth and I had to wear
a kind of like a please like a poof yeah
how embarrassing is that this was
something that Amanda made me for my
80th birthday and I'm very sweetly she
got everyone to write me a little
message but what's really interesting is
what's on the other side which is the
continuity photographs from the very
very first fellas
so this is Louise do it like and it's
absolutely hysterical if you just look
like a little different now and Bonnie
and Tom Jamie Josh this is how I first
remember you coming in for your
screen tests so we're and rubrics range
and Dan look at them I think it's Rupert
and Matt you've changed the Matt yes I
saw him Barisan my eyes are even open
that picture what you're talking about
the picture Emmet assured it's my eyes
are closed but what were meant to be
saying our good-byes now I don't think
it matters just say goodbye to the
peoples but I'm always gonna be
remembered now is the block when his
eyes closed and his birthday card it
doesn't really matter I'm sure you'll
get over it yeah plus nobody would have
noticed if you hadn't pointed out just
now oh great come on let's say goodbye
yeah I thought you're better than that I
was flat come on get some energy
Jade a moment can ask what I did sorry
bye
much better thanks Alfie tumor I think
we should tie this all time over Alfie
to Matt I'm Alfie dedicated better than
that guys always bring me down I think
we give too much game face on
oh I'm trying to talk yes your house it
was I'm sorry that was so good I just
stumbled on the line this is gonna stop
you